AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Amendment No. 1 (this "Amendment") to the Indemnification Agreement
dated as of June 4, 2018 (as amended, the "Agreement") is entered into
by and between Coastal Devices Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware
corporation, and Thomas Vance (the "Indemnitee"), and is effective
as of the Effective Time described below.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of March 12, 2021 (the "Merger Agreement"), with
Northgate Instruments Inc., providing for the merger of a wholly owned
subsidiary of Northgate Instruments Inc. with and into the Company, with
the time at which such merger becomes effective (the "Effective Time")
determined under the Merger Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Indemnitee desire to amend the Agreement in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1. Continuation of Indemnification. The Company shall continue to
indemnify, and advance expenses to, the Indemnitee to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law with respect to acts or omissions occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed before, at
or after the Effective Time.

2. Change in Control; Relinquishment of Control. The parties acknowledge
that the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement constitutes a
change in control of the Company. Upon the Effective Time, the
Indemnitee shall be deemed to have relinquished control of the shares of
the Company held by the Indemnitee, and such shares shall be converted
into the right to receive the consideration provided in the Merger
Agreement. The rights of the Indemnitee under the Agreement shall not be
diminished by reason of such relinquishment of control.

3. Miscellaneous. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Agreement
remains in full force and effect. This Amendment shall be governed by
the laws of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment.

COASTAL DEVICES INC.
By: /s/ Elena Ruiz, Chief Legal Officer

INDEMNITEE
/s/ Thomas Vance
