AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

This Agreement and Plan of Merger (this "Agreement") is made as of
March 12, 2021 by and among Northgate Instruments Inc. ("Parent"), a
Delaware corporation, Northgate Merger Sub Inc. ("Merger Sub"), a
Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and Coastal
Devices Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the boards of directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
have each approved the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company,
with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

ARTICLE I — THE MERGER

1.1 The Merger. At the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with
and into the Company, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub
shall cease, and the Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation.

1.2 Effective Time. The merger shall become effective upon the filing of
a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, such time being the Effective Time for purposes of this
Agreement and the agreements referred to herein.

ARTICLE II — EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK

2.1 Conversion of Shares. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the merger
and without any action on the part of any holder, each share of common
stock of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be canceled and converted into the right to receive
$24.50 in cash, without interest.

2.2 Effect on Stockholders. From and after the Effective Time, the
stockholders of the Company shall relinquish control of the Company and
shall cease to have any rights as stockholders of the Company other than
the right to receive the consideration described in Section 2.1. Control
of the surviving corporation shall vest in Parent.

ARTICLE III — MISCELLANEOUS

3.1 Conditions. The obligations of the parties are subject to adoption
of this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company and the receipt of
required regulatory approvals.

3.2 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Delaware.

NORTHGATE INSTRUMENTS INC.        COASTAL DEVICES INC.
By: /s/ Marcus Feld, CEO          By: /s/ Diane Okonkwo, CEO
